hi there this is dave from professional
ebook covers today's tutorial is going
to teach you how to just add pages to
your new WordPress website and in the
back end here and I also like to always
have a window open in the front end so I
can just keep an idea as to what's going
on now typically when you start a
WordPress website all of your post's
become your home page content now there
are two types of content that you can
put on to your WordPress site I just
mentioned posts that's your daily
articles that article here about French
press another article about yoga chef
coffee those are considered dynamic
content what we want to create today is
the static content or the static pages
good examples of those are pages like
contact us or services or about us or
you get the picture most almost every
website in the world has that kind of
content on it has static pages on it and
that's going to be the foundation of
what we create for our WordPress site so
if you look down this dashboard I'm in
the back end of my website now if you
scroll down this dashboard you'll see I
have pages that i can add and up here I
have posts i can add again posts are the
everyday content that we're adding pages
are the static content that is likely
not going to change unless you change
your email or phone number or what have
you we're just going static content is
pretty much always going to stay the
same so the first thing we want to do
i'm looking here i have three posts just
set up for myself i have 0 pages now it
didn't look like it because i have a
home page that's an automatic homepage
that wordpress installs that's going to
be gone when we're done this and i'll
show you how so the first thing we want
to do is click on this add new and now
we're not going to add any content to
these pages we're just going to add new
pages we get to the add new page screen
now I'm great this might sound confusing
but don't be confused I'm going to add a
new home page okay and just simply
publish that we're not going to add any
content in here just yet into this
WYSIWYG editor we're just going to
publish this page you
it's almost done and sure enough page is
published you can view that page if you
want to let's just go back and add
another new page here just click on add
new page and for our case i'm going to
create an about Us page and again not
adding content just pressing pressing
publish about us has been published I
know this sounds a little odd but we're
building basically the the pages of your
website so that you know where you're
going to add the content a little bit
later on and also so that we can change
how WordPress is going to display your
content to some degree as well so I've
clicked add new again my website is
about coffee in this case so I want to
create a page called coffee articles a
rtic l yes spelling is not a requisite
to to be involved in word publishing or
WordPress publishing just so you know
okay and that is adding and let's just
add one more again you can see that page
is published let's add one more and in
this case I'm going to call it contact
us and once again publish always likes
to save a draft first there we go its
publishing and there we are so I'm going
to go back to our front page here and
just take a look at it will have a bunch
of new pages here now still this
homepage this original homepage that
WordPress has created has these articles
as its homepage and we want a static
page as the homepage so I'm going to
show you how we do that so let's go to
the back end here one more time and look
down this dashboard column down to
settings you'll see a button here called
reading go ahead click on that this is
going to tell wordpress how you want
your website to be seen and we want a
new front page we don't want it as the
latest posts like as is the default we
want a static page so i press select and
we'll use the new home that we've got
and The Post's Page are the articles
that we want i will use as copy are
calls if I press Save Changes that is
done let's go back and look at the front
end of the website this is the home
button that we created it's going to
move over here won't look like that
necessarily but watch this it just got
rid of it it actually moved it over here
because now home you can see is just
this blank static page ready for us to
add content to and the articles are now
under coffee articles that's going to be
the foundation of how you build your
website i highly recommend setting up
your pages and then adding the content
in and you can see it progress as you go
that's what we'll do in the next video
is teach you how to add content to those
pages that you've just created right now
if you want to watch more helpful
tutorials or perhaps order your own
wordpress site or a graphics package for
your website just visit us at
professional ebook covers calm from the
design team at professional ebook covers
on Dave thanks very much for watching